Code number	Solution status
1	Optimal solution is available.
2	Problem has an unbounded ray.
3	Problem has been proven infeasible.
4	Problem has been proven either infeasible or unbounded.
5	Optimal solution is available, but with infeasibilities after unscaling.
6	Solution is available, but not proved optimal, due to numeric difficulties during optimization.
10	Stopped due to limit on number of iterations.
11	Stopped due to a time limit.
12	Stopped due to an objective limit.
13	Stopped due to a request from the user.
14	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 0 on a continuous problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem. (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is minimal.
15	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 1 on a continuous problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem. (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is optimal.
16	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 2 on a continuous problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem. (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is minimal.
17	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 3 on a continuous problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem. (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is optimal.
18	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 4 on a continuous problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem. (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is minimal.
19	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 5 on a continuous problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem. (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is optimal.
20	Model has an unbounded optimal face.
21	Stopped due to a limit on the primal objective.
22	Stopped due to a limit on the dual objective.
23	The problem under consideration was found to be feasible after phase 1 of FeasOpt. A feasible solution is available.
24	Solution satisfies first-order optimality conditions for a solution returned by the barrier optimizer.
25	Stopped due to a deterministic time limit.
30	The problem appears to be feasible; no conflict is available.
31	The conflict refiner found a minimal conflict.
32	The conflict refiner concluded contradictory feasibility for the same set of constraints due to numeric problems. A conflict is available, but it is not minimal.
33	The conflict refiner terminated because of a time limit. A conflict is available, but it is not minimal.
34	The conflict refiner terminated because of an iteration limit. A conflict is available, but it is not minimal.
35	The conflict refiner terminated because of a node limit. A conflict is available, but it is not minimal.
36	The conflict refiner terminated because of an objective limit. A conflict is available, but it is not minimal.
37	The conflict refiner terminated because of a memory limit. A conflict is available, but it is not minimal.
38	The conflict refiner terminated because a user terminated the application. A conflict is available, but it is not minimal.
39	The conflict refiner terminated because of a deterministic time limit. A conflict is available, but it is not minimal.
101	Optimal integer solution has been found.
102	Optimal solution with the tolerance defined by epgap or epagap has been found.
103	Solution is integer infeasible
104	The limit on mixed integer solutions has been reached.
105	Node limit has been exceeded but integer solution exists.
106	Node limit has been reached; no integer solution.
107	Time limit exceeded, but integer solution exists.
108	Time limit exceeded; no integer solution.
109	Terminated because of an error, but integer solution exists.
110	Terminated because of an error; no integer solution.
111	Limit on tree memory has been reached, but an integer solution exists.
112	Limit on tree memory has been reached; no integer solution.
113	Stopped, but an integer solution exists.
114	Stopped; no integer solution.
115	Problem is optimal with unscaled infeasibilities.
116	Out of memory, no tree available, integer solution exists.
117	Out of memory, no tree available, no integer solution.
118	Problem has an unbounded ray.
119	Problem has been proved either infeasible or unbounded.
120	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 0 on a mixed integer problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is minimal.
121	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 1 on a mixed integer problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is optimal.
122	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 2 on a mixed integer problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is minimal.
123	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 3 on a mixed integer problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is optimal.
124	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 4 on a mixed integer problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is minimal.
125	This status occurs only with the parameter feasoptmode set to 5 on a mixed integer problem. A relaxation was successfully found and a feasible solution for the problem (if relaxed according to that relaxation) was installed. The relaxation is optimal.
126	
This status occurs only after a call to feasOpt, when the algorithm terminates prematurely, for example after reaching a limit.

This status means that a relaxed solution is available and can be queried.

127	The problem under consideration was found to be feasible after phase 1 of FeasOpt. A feasible solution is available. This status is also used in the status field of solution and mipstart files for solutions from the solution pool.
128	This status occurs only after a call to the method populate on a MIP problem. The limit on mixed integer solutions generated by populate, as specified by the parameter populatelim, has been reached.
129	This status occurs only after a call to the method populate on a MIP problem. Populate has completed the enumeration of all solutions it could enumerate.
130	This status occurs only after a call to the method populate on a MIP problem. Populate has completed the enumeration of all solutions it could enumerate whose objective value fit the tolerance specified by the parameters solnpoolagap and solnpoolgap.
131	Deterministic time limit exceeded, but integer solution exists.
132	Deterministic time limit exceeded; no integer solution.
133	Could not bound convex relaxation of nonconvex (MI)QP